#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via wikipedia
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via duckduckgo-search
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
duckduckgo-search==6.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.0
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.8.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.21
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-experimental==0.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.56
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.43
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.1.147
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via dataclasses-json
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
openai==1.57.0
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.12
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
primp==0.8.1
    # via duckduckgo-search
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via langchain-community
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   wikipedia
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
wikipedia==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
